Update search.md (#6920)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/app_analytics/search.md

{{< img src="tracing/app_analytics/search/trace_list_with_column.png" alt="Trace list with columns"  style="width:80%;">}}

> Origin Resource is a default column that allows to the resource that is at the root of the given trace. To add Orgin Service or Origin Operation Name, click the **Options** button and select Trace.Origin.Operation.Name or Trace.Origin.Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Origin resource is a default column that shows the resource at the root of the given trace. To add origin service or origin operation name, click the **Options** button and select `@trace.origin.operation_name` or `@trace.origin.service`.
```

> {{< img src=https://a.cl.ly/OAur8NQP alt="Trace list with origin columns"  style="width:80%;">}}

Reviewer: The image should be uploaded [here](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/tree/master/static/images/tracing/app_analytics/search) and the link updated above.
